app/templates/README.md, before:

# <%= manifest.name %>

<%= manifest.description %>

## Installation

	$ npm install

## Usage

Run `$ gulp --watch` and load the `dist`-directory into chrome.

## Entryfiles (bundles)

There are two kinds of entryfiles that create bundles.

1. All js-files in the root of the `./app/scripts` directory
2. All css-,scss- and less-files in the root of the `./app/styles` directory

## Tasks

### Build

	$ gulp


| Option         | Description                                                                                                                                           |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--watch`      | Starts a livereload server and watches all assets. <br>To reload the extension on change include `livereload.js` in your bundle.                      |
| `--production` | Minifies all assets                                                                                                                                   |
| `--verbose`    | Log additional data to the console.                                                                                                                   |


### pack

Zips your `dist` directory and saves it in the `packages` directory.

    $ gulp pack

### Version

Increments version number of `manifest.json` and `package.json`, 
commits the change to git and adds a git tag.


    $ gulp patch      // => 0.0.X
 
or 

    $ gulp feature    // => 0.X.0

or 

    $ gulp release    // => X.0.0


## Globals

The build tool also defines a variable named `ENV` in your scripts. It will be set to `development` unless you use the `--production` option.


**Example:** `./app/background.js`

	if(ENV === 'development'){
		console.log('We are in development mode!');
	}

Commit message:

added support for firefox and opera
## improved env variables
    __ENV__
    __VENDOR__

## added vendor prefixes for manifest files
Example:
"__chrome__key" => "key" if vendor is chrome

## Changed dist directory to reflect vendor

## Changed Zip filename to reflect vendor

app/templates/README.md, after:

# <%= manifest.name %>

<%= manifest.description %>

## Installation

	$ npm install

## Usage

Run `$ gulp --watch` and load the `dist`-directory into chrome.

## Entryfiles (bundles)

There are two kinds of entryfiles that create bundles.

1. All js-files in the root of the `./app/scripts` directory
2. All css-,scss- and less-files in the root of the `./app/styles` directory

## Tasks

### Build

	$ gulp


| Option         | Description                                                                                                                                           |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--watch`      | Starts a livereload server and watches all assets. <br>To reload the extension on change include `livereload.js` in your bundle.                      |
| `--production` | Minifies all assets                                                                                                                                   |
| `--verbose`    | Log additional data to the console.                                                                                                                   |
| `--vendor`     | Compile the extension for different vendors (chrome, firefox, opera)  Default: chrome                                                                 |
| `--sourcemaps` | Force the creation of sourcemaps. Default: !production                                                                                                |


### pack

Zips your `dist` directory and saves it in the `packages` directory.

    $ gulp pack --vendor=firefox

### Version

Increments version number of `manifest.json` and `package.json`, 
commits the change to git and adds a git tag.


    $ gulp patch      // => 0.0.X
 
or 

    $ gulp feature    // => 0.X.0

or 

    $ gulp release    // => X.0.0


## Globals

The build tool also defines a variable named `ENV` in your scripts. It will be set to `development` unless you use the `--production` option.


**Example:** `./app/background.js`

	if(ENV === 'development'){
		console.log('We are in development mode!');
	}
